Rendering system / Snapshots (#33)
LabyMod/labymod4-api-wiki: docs/pages/addon/rendering/entity-tags.md

Just like integrated tags like the "LABY DEV/..." team tags addons can also add custom tags
that seamlessly integrate with any other tags:

![Tags](../../../assets/files/screenshots/entity-tags-example.png)

## Snapshot extras

This is what our Snapshot extra will look like for this example. For simplicity the implementation
details for the Snapshot extra will be skipped in this example, please make sure to read
the previous page [Entity Snapshots](entity-snapshots.md) beforehand.

=== ":octicons-file-code-16: ExampleTagExtraKeys"
    ```java
    package org.example.myaddon.api.snapshot;

    import net.labymod.api.laby3d.renderer.snapshot.ExtraKey;
    
    public class ExampleTagExtraKeys {

>         // The key must be something unique and should contain the namespace of your addon    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       // The key must be unique; the created ExtraKey will automatically include your addon's namespace.
```
